Fast-forward cookiecutter, deprecation fix (#404)
Ouranosinc/figanos: AI_POLICY.md

# AI Policy

## Accountability

You are responsible for every line of code you submit, regardless of how it was produced. If you use AI tools, review and verify all output before committing.

## AI Tool Usage

AI tools are permitted. Standard review process applies to all contributions.

## AI-Generated Code

AI-generated code must be reviewed by a human maintainer before merging. Keep changes atomic -- you must be able to explain any line on request.

## Disclosure

> Mark AI involvement in commit messages with a trailer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mark commits written completely by AI with a trailer in the commit message:
```
for example, there was "AI involvement" in your "address importlib.resources deprecation" commit as you said in the PR description, but you did not put it in manually the ccommit message (and i dont think you need to)

Author: The fix wasn't performed by an AI "agent", i.e. I was suggested an approach to fixing it via chat and I adapted it to the code base. If it had been done with Claude or something without any human hands touching it, that would be entirely written by an AI.

This line is specifically for instances where someone is vibe coding their way through something.

Author: AH, nevermind. I fully agree with you. Sorry!
